Subtitle Provide by Kisskh.One Translator [Admin.@YNG]
Cut!
- Jeed. - Lights up.
Jeed, wake up.
Jeed, wake up, girl.
Jeed, it's time to go home.
Jeed...
Jeed?
Are you awake?
Were you asleep or dead? Seriously?
You collapsed in the middle of shooting.
The whole crew had to carry you into the car.
Look, Boom.
I finished filming a commercial at one in the morning.
I woke up at four in the morning to film this show.
And it was an action sequence!
With a schedule this packed, I'm lucky I'm still alive.
Jeed, you're the woman of the hour!
You have a fitting session tomorrow too, remember?
- For "Love Destiny," right? - Yes.
Why are they remaking that show?
Bella is still young enough to star too.
The show is still popular.
And sponsors are paying.
The network wants to establish you as the next Bella.
You got this role ahead of everyone on the roster!
If now's not your time to shine, then when?
Who's the male lead?
It's Job.
Who's the director?
It's Aunt Jaew!
Aunt Jaew herself?
Wow! This is too good.
Then I need to sleep. Please make sure I get up on time.
Okay.
And also...
Your ironclad rules on the set.
There must be a manicurist,
a masseuse,
and boba tea whenever you need it.
Wow.
You have James & Jeed and Job & Jeed cups? You're the best.
A second, please.
I'll have the Job & Jeed one. Thanks.
Job, give me a shot of you touching Jeed's shoulder
and holding her hand with your other hand.
Jeed!
Are you okay?
Did you sleep last night?
I slept for a bit.
I'm fine.
Okay.
Is that a wrap for today?
Not yet, Boom.
She needs to change and practice rowing a boat.
Hey, does this Karaked need to row a boat?
The script changed. The director wanted to see her rowing in costume.
Jeed!
Are you okay?
If you're not, just tell us!
Yeah!
- Boom! - Yeah?
Boom, have you seen this news of Jeed?
I see her news every day.
They always have typos.
I'm not talking about Story, Boom. Look at this.
- Oh? - Look at the headline.
- Should I send the link? - Send it to me now.
- Tell her to see this. - Send it. I'll take it to her.
Okay.
Wait a second.
Hello? Yes?
(Is this Ms. Nittra Boonyajirakul?)
(I'm a DSI officer working in Special Case Unit.)
What DSI are you talking about?
I failed my Thai and English classes, but I'm not stupid.
You're a scammer!
Are you kidding? What DSI was he talking about?
(Actor J. Leads Ponzi Scheme.)
(Co-star Actress J. Speculated to be Involved.)
What the heck is this?
Yes, Boom?
Hey, I don't know anything!
Also, James and I
just promoted a show together. I'm not an investor in his BBQ place.
On the opening day, I went to try it out and promote it. I know nothing.
I shouldn't have been.
Okay. I understand.
Just calm down and listen to me.
Take a deep breath.
Get off the boat and talk to me. Now.
Excuse me.
We're here to film
"Oh My Heart."
Where is Mam's set?
This is Love Destiny's set.
Mam's "Oh My Heart" is filming over there.
Cops!
(Episode 1: RIP... To Another World)
Boonta.
Are you a new actor?
You're hot.
What is this place?
I'm still alive, right?
Who are you?
You were unconscious.
So,
are we still doing "fitting?"
And
where am I right now?
Mother saw you almost died.
She sent you up here to rest.
Don't try to kill yourself by drowning again.
Me?
Kill myself?
I was just shocked to see the police.
By the way, have they left?
Why would you ask for Krom Pra Tamruat?
It's Luang Krom Pra Nakornban that saved you.
Do you mean Metropolitan Unit?
DSI too?
Where is Boom right now?
Who brought me here?
Boonta surely has lost her mind.
That's why she's speaking such nonsense.
Who's Boonta?
My name is Karaked.
Karaked Kedsurang, the protagonist of this show.
Have you never seen it?
Mother said once Boonta wakes up,
we're to dress her up.
She's on auction tonight.
I just drowned, and I have to work?
The contract obligates you.
You will work for what you're paid for tonight.
Is this a work contract or a slave contract?
Boom.
She took a job carelessly again.
What's that?
Tamarind core. Rub it on your body.
Your skin will glow.
This is turmeric powder.
Your skin will shine bright like gold.
Foreign flower water.
Your scent will be seductive.
Makeup is done with Krajae Jan powder.
Paint your lips with lychee paper.
Are we done now?
Not yet. You have to do a pit smoke too.
Pit smoke?
Why would I do that?
They don't smell.
What are you doing?
Lamjeak was talking about
sitting on a pit smoke
with perfumed ingredients. You'll smell good outside and inside.
I have to
sit my lady parts on that hot coal?
- No! - Boonta!
- It's going to burn! - Sit down. Trust us.
You're gorgeous.
They're going to pay well.
If you need me to do anything, give me a "briefing."
I'll just do my work and get the "job" done.
What are you saying?
That's not a human's language.
She just drowned. That's why she's speaking nonsense.
That's fine.
Tonight, you won't get to speak much.
Take her downstairs.
Yes, ma'am.
Today's script is short, huh?
- Let's go, shall we? - Wait.
Not done yet?
This place is not for you, sirs.
Does Fang's brothel discriminate against guests?
Don't be rude to my guests, Ming.
Yes, ma'am.
My Courtesan House welcomes all guests.
Are you here to auction for Boonta tonight, sir?
Everyone visits this place.
You don't have to be undercover.
- Chor, take good care of our Luang. - Yes, ma'am.
Fang is something.
We're here undercover,
yet she still recognized us.
That Captain is really here.
This way, sir.
Please sit here, sir.
Please.
Ming.
Officers like to spy here for information.
Captain Jam is a hothead and always picks fights.
Watch them. Don't let a fight happen.
I don't want chaos during Boonta's auction.
Yes, Mother.
That Captain was here for trading half a year ago.
He went around buying stuff from the locals.
He was arrested last time
and disappeared.
He just came back not long ago, sir.
Keep an eye on him.
If he's an undercover spy,
we can nip it in the bud.
Yes, sir.
That's infuriating!
My clerk took three days off!
I couldn't load my shipment without government approval.
Is that why you hurt him?
You know violence can cause trouble.
He abandoned his job!
Luang Thukkarat won't punish him either.
He even threatened to arrest me
for violence against a Siamese.
Those lowly officers...
They make a living out of people's trouble.
Siam has the best and cheapest sugar.
It's a shame the government holds a monopoly!
Just wait until Britain wages war on them as they did in Inn-Wa!
The rumors of European invasion
seem to be true, sir.
"Setting" is right.
The "extra" is.
They sure went all out.
Our Mother is generous.
Otherwise, we won't be the most famous Courtesan House in Sampheng.
So is this a whorehouse?
Is this a remake or a new show?
Why is Kedsurang in a brothel?
Cool.
The one on auction tonight is here.
(All dressed up, get your moves up.)
(Want to have fun, just come at once.)
(If you want to play, dance this way.)
(My good sir, where are you going?)
(Stay here a while, relax your mind.)
(Betel or tobacco, I'll provide you.)
(If you want a good drink, it's in the jar.)
(Oh, handsome one. Would you like to try it?)
(Boys to the left, men to the right.)
(See the ladies, all gorgeous and nice.)
(Whether Luang or Khun, they all come.)
(If you like one, call her in.)
(Pick a nice lady to please you. We won't disobey.)
(Like what you see? Give us the money.)
(You will receive your satisfaction.)
Stop!
I think we should start the auction right away.
Let's start at
one baht, sirs!
- Two baht. - Two baht.
- Three baht. - Three baht.
Boonta sure is gorgeous.
She's going to make a lot of money for Mother.
She won't beat the price my first night was auctioned for.
One tamleung.
You think no one's going to pay three tamleung for Boonta.
Three tamleung.
"Oh my gosh!"
- Five tamleung. - Five tamleung!
Is anyone willing to pay more than five tamleung?
If not, tonight, Boonta belongs to Captain Jam.
Ming.
Take Boonta upstairs to prepare.
Yes, ma'am.
- Come on. - Oh?
- No "cut" yet? - Just come!
What's wrong?
- Are we leaving already? - So expensive!
Leaving now would be a waste.
Luang!
- Come here. - Hey, man!
You didn't have to drag me so hard.
You're too harsh.
- Get in! - Hey!
Wait here.
You have to service the guest tonight.
- Luang? - Silence.
What service? That was a "one take" shot!
That's a wrap. I'm going home.
You!
What are you talking about?
When that Captain comes,
you can sleep through the night. Mother Fang won't mind.
Hey, don't I get a "briefing?"
What's this "scene?"
Good evening.
Shall we begin?
Where's the camera? Hey.
Man!
I said we needed a camera.
What's wrong? "You! Hey, stop!"
"Not okay! Go!" Do you "understand?"
You can speak our language?
Oh, you can speak Thai?
Stop! I'm not doing this scene! Let go!
You like it hard, don't you?
Fine by me.
You're crazy!
I said stop!
It's Captain Jam.
He likes to hit women before bed.
"Darn it!"
You vile thing!
You're the vile thing! This is not a filming shoot anymore!
What is this place?
Is this not Nong Khaem?
I'll break your balls!
New actor?
Is this a dream or something?
What does this have to do with you?
Even if she's a courtesan,
you shouldn't force yourself on her.
I bought her.
What I do with her is none of your business.
Mister, you have to help me.
I'm not staying anymore.
Sorry.
Boonta! Are you running away again?
- Ma'am? - Ming, after her!
What the heck is this dream?
If this place is not Nong Khaem
and not Sampheng,
- what is this place? - Boonta!
After her!
Oh?
Boonta!
Move it!
Are you awake?
You again?
Who are you?
You really don't remember me?
He's Luang Thukkarat.
What Rat?
Too long. Do you have a nickname?
My name is Chaai.
Chaai.
My name is Yod. I serve as his representative.
Do you mean a lawyer?
You look too young to have graduated.
You're too good.
You ran away and collapsed last night.
Do you remember?
Last night?
So you saved me and brought me here?
This is my house.
Where exactly is your "my house?"
It's on the Chao Phraya riverside.
Po Seng port.
So
Where are Oriental, Peninsula, and Icon?
What B.E. year is this?
B.E.?
Buddhist Era. What year is this?
You don't remember even what year it is?
It's the year of the Rooster.
Minor Era 1187.
1187 M.E.?
So,
which reign is this?
Why are you asking for rain?
Not rain.
I mean, the reign of King Rama I, II, or III?
Who's the king?
If you mean the reign,
we're under the third reign now.
Before this, there was the early reign,
then the middle reign.
The third reign?
So, I've come back to King Rama III's era?
"Oh my god!"
Luang, sir!
Ming is here for Boonta.
He said Fang demanded her back right now.
How could you do this, sir?
Captain Jam won the auction for Boonta,
yet you kidnapped her to bed with her.
This is damaging to me.
Did you see me taking Boonta from your place?
Chor said you picked her up and stayed in the room next to Boonta's.
And then you left her suddenly.
Captain Jam is also demanding that I pay for the damage
because you fought him in his room.
I saw that Captain physically assaulted Boonta, so I intervened.
I saw Boonta running out and collapsing.
How could I have left her be?
You should have brought her back here, not to your home.
Boonta is my property.
I told you I'm not Boonta.
And I don't want to stay here.
I know my beauty can do "damage,"
but I don't want to be a prostitute.
I don't want to be like Kankaew. And
who's the other one? Renu!
Mister, I don't want to stay here. I don't want to be in a brothel.
I promise I won't live off of your money. I'll pay you back every dime.
You've helped me once.
Please free me from this place.
Boonta was paid for
at five tamleung, is that right?
It's ten tamleung now.
Don't try to lie to me!
We all heard last night. It was five tamleung.
The price has gone up as of today.
Will you pay for her then, sir?
I'm a person, not a dog! How can you tie me up like this?
You're lucky to just be tied.
Captain Jam
demanded I pay double for the damage.
I actually want to kill you!
I just don't want to commit a sin before making merit.
You sell humans for a living.
- You won't get any merit! - You!
Stop.
I don't want to ruin her price.
Hey, old hag.
If you want to sell me,
why didn't you sell me earlier?
So you think he wanted you as a wife?
He just took you home without paying a dime.
He's not generous enough to buy your freedom!
Ming, watch her.
Make her hungry and thirsty until she gives in.
- Yes, Mother. - No!
And if any of you
feed her behind me, I'll flog your back!
Leave her.
Where are you going?
Take this off me.
Don't go!
Jamleak!
Hey! Help me!
So my role is really a whore?
I'm Jeed Nittra.
I must have a more important role.
Like traveling back in time to defeat rebels.
Stop Siam from being colonized or something.
Other people come back in time as nobles.
Of all things, why does heaven make me a whore?
A whore!
Luang, sir.
Boonta is tied in a banana bush out back.
Would you let her be?
I tried negotiating for her
and got disrespected in return.
Do you want me to just overpay?
I'm actually feeling sorry for her.
Ever since Boonta drowned,
she hasn't been her old self.
My name is Nittra, not Boonta!
Why do I have to look like this Boonta?
It's like Kasalong and Songpeeb.
What did I do? Why do I have to meet that Luang?
You sucker! You didn't help me at all!
How do I get home anyway?
Let me go!
You can't go home.
You've been sold to this place.
- Drink this. - Water?
- I'll feed you. - Thanks.
Easy.
More.
This is all I can do for you.
Thank you so much.
You're
Jamleak, right?
Lamjeak.
Sorry.
You're friends with Boonta, right?
Then you must know what happened to Boonta.
You really didn't remember anything?
You don't even remember Luang Thukkarat?
If Luang Thukkarat hadn't intervened,
I would have had my way with that woman.
What do you mean?
That officer!
He went undercover as a guest at Fang's brothel.
He took Boonta out of there.
At least Fang paid me for the damage.
Last night?
You didn't bed with that courtesan, did you?
You left, so you didn't know.
That sly officer
interrupted my pleasure on purpose.
He keeps bullying me at every turn!
I heard that
the Luang was honest and decisive
and a fair man, wasn't he?
He's just a lowly officer obsessed with a courtesan.
Rumor has it
that Luang Thukkarat had feelings for Boonta,
even before he arrested Bua, the one who sold you sugar,
and put her in jail.
It must be true.
That's sugar, not drugs.
Is it illegal?
Yeah, it is.
The government forbids independent sales.
It must be sold through the Treasury.
When your mother got arrested,
your family's wealth got confiscated.
Your mother fell ill in jail,
so you had to borrow money to pay for her treatment.
What a dramatic life.
When your mother died...
My mother died?
You were sold to this place,
but you didn't want to work, so you tried to kill yourself by drowning.
I tried to kill myself?
You were lucky that Luang saved you.
Wait.
The one responsible for me being a prostitute
was the one who saved my life?
How is that possible?
Your life is ruined, and you're in debt because of him.
The only way to pay off your debts is to work until you die.
Die?
That's right.
I need to die!
Ming, ask Muen Hor
if he'd finish repairing my roof today.
He's been doing it for a while.
- Yes, ma'am. - Mother!
Lamduan ran away again.
So this girl won't obey, huh?
Drag her back here. I'll flog her back off!
Mother!
Mother! It's Boonta...
Whoa! What does she do this time?
Oh my!
Untie her now! Don't let her die here.
Yes, ma'am!
Quick! She's going to die!
Boonta!
Boonta! Stop!
Boonta! You did it again!
Whoa! These shorts...
(I'm sorry, Lamjeak.)
(Even if I don't know why I'm here yet, )
(I don't want to stay.)
(I need to go back.)
(The only way to go back is)
(water.)
Of all boats, why did it have to be this horny Farang?
Am I cursed or something?
You sure are good at running.
Your "Mother" is probably looking for you.
I'll bring you back home.
No!
Let go!
I'm not going, please.
No!
You again!
Are you going to interfere with everything I do?
You...
Let me go.
Don't tell me you two have conflicts before this?
Before last night,
he ruled in favor of Captain Jam's clerk, whom he beat up.
Was my decision on your case
that much of a grievance to you?
I was just doing my job.
Your job is
to take your people's side
even if he was lazy and incompetent?
It's probably true that
trading in Siam is difficult,
and you have to keep one eye closed.
That's because Siamese are lazy, corrupt, and sly!
Whether it's a merchant, a clerk, or an officer!
So it's been this way since this era?
You're indeed Thai police.
It's no wonder
you took off work and followed a courtesan.
Watch your language, Captain!
A Luang and a Captain
are fighting over one of my courtesans in front of my place?
It seems I must hike up Boonta's price further.
How about one chang?
Hey, old hag!
I'm not seducing men to "up" my price.
I'm not going with anyone.
Are you crazy?
What are you saying?
You've lost your mind.
Ming, take her inside.
Yes, Mother.
Come here! Now!
Come here! Come with me!
If either of you wants to see Boonta,
please come to my place.
I'm going to auction her off again.
It's such a good opportunity.
How can I miss it?
She's serious.
Her slap is harder than Ann Thongprasom's.
Don't worry. I won't ruin your gorgeous face.
That's your tool to make a living.
If you dare run away again,
you won't just be tied up.
You'll be killed.
Lock her inside.
Yes, ma'am.
Why does this happen to me?
Boonta?
Boonta!
Boonta is burning up.
Hey, anyone outside?
Help! Boonta is burning up.
Hey, watch out!
You're going to ruin my stuff.
Trading with the Siamese,
there's so much formality.
You know, Captain,
whenever a European ship comes ashore,
Treasury must inspect the goods
and pick out what we need.
Once we have sufficient goods,
you can sell the rest.
Today, I have to visit Fang's brothel.
It would be good if you hurry up, Clerk.
I'm afraid you won't be leaving anytime soon.
Luang Vasuthep.
I heard that
your ship carries forbidden items.
That's not true.
My ship only carries the goods to sell to the people of Siam.
Whether your word is true or not,
we'll see.
Search the whole ship!
Luang Thukkarat sent you to stall me, did he not?
What are you talking about?
I don't understand.
You're a close friend of Luang Thukkarat.
You two know well
that tonight, I'll go for Boonta at Fang's brothel.
That's why you're stalling me here on purpose.
I'll complain about this to Pra Nakhonban
and say Luang Thukkarat
abuses his authority.
Watch your language, Captain.
Our duty is to work for the King.
We keep peace and order in our land.
If anything could threaten our peace,
we have to investigate.
You bully me because you see me as a foreigner, is that it?
I'll complain to the Resident of Singapore
that Siamese are unfair.
Unfair?
Let me warn you, Captain.
Don't you ever think I don't know
what you once said.
If the Europeans wage war against us,
as they did in Inn-Wa, as you said,
and if I inform the King of this,
you probably know
what would happen.
Luang Thukkarat went undercover at Fang's brothel
to find out about that, right?
If she wakes up today,
she'll make it.
If she still has a high fever,
give her a towel bath.
I'll prepare some medicine for you.
Thanks.
Boonta, are you awake?
You're lucky.
What's wrong with me?
You burned up and slept for two days straight.
Would it kill you
to spend a day locked in?
If you get flogged, wouldn't you die at the first strike?
Pudsorn!
Look.
If a person dies that easily, I've died long ago.
Now that you're not dead,
just get up and do your job.
Tonight, you will bed with Captain Jam.
(I was a lead actress over there.)
(Why did I become a whore here?)
(Guest Starring: Thatchaphol Kuwongbundit)
Where is Captain Jam?
If he doesn't come, I'll sell Boonta to someone else.
You're old enough to get married.
I want to see you settled down.
Say good morning to your man.
- Fang's brothel. - My master is leaving.
Wipe her feet and put on her shoes.
Why don't you do it yourself?
Smart mouth! You've been a courtesan for a few days, yet you got cocky!
Take off your sash and wipe her feet with it!
If you call yourself a noble with that behavior
and that kind of manners,
I'd rather be a whore.
You don't have to service our guests anymore.
All I did was stand up for myself,
and you rewarded me, Mother?
Someone bought your freedom.
Someone bought Boonta?
You're too late, sir.